:Today the internship started learning new methods, processes in git and html & css. Difference between gitlab and github, the two processes are the same work and different methods. Gitlab is the open core company that provides GitLab, the devops software that combines the ability to develop, secure, and operate software in a single application. Advantage in gitlab is freely available and open source for community edition, It is a cloud native application and is highly secure. Github is a provider of internet hosting for software development and version control using git. It offers the distribution version control and source code management (scm) functionality of git, plus its own features. It provides access control and several collaboration features such as bug tracking, feature requests, task manager, continuous integration for every project. Advantage in github It helps us create an organised document for the project. It is used for sharing the work in front of the public. 
Html & css used to create the slide bar used to create the web application model. Learning in a step by step processer. Clearly to create a navigation bar and slide bar used in the model front page. 
After the lunch break, Abraham took the session, he explained about data and binary codes, data is in computing, data is information that has been translated into a form that is efficient for movement or processing. Relative to today is computers and transmission media, data is information converted into binary digital form. Binary data is a type of data that is represented or displayed in the binary numeral system. Binary data is the only category of data that can be directly understood and executed by a computer. It is numerically represented by a combination of zeros and ones. He explained ASCII code American Standard Code For Information Interchange, a standard data-transmission code that is used by smaller and less-powerful computers to represent both textual data (letters, numbers, and punctuation marks) and noninput device commands and UTF-8 UCS Unicode Transformation Format. The UTF-8 encoding can be used to represent any Unicode character. Depending on a Unicode character's numeric value, the corresponding UTF-8 character is a 1, 2, or 3 byte sequence. It is the mapping between Unicode and UTF-8. String characters convert into a binary code, it is like to change the character into a number, its number converts into binary code and old computer resolution, fps now all are used in 60fps and now launched in 120fps, on mobiles. Anoop discussed how to speak clearly in English while learning reading skills. Like present, past, future. Read some story books to improve our skills day by day. Then I met my mentor Gayathri, I asked some doubts and she explained about that. Again I am learning about git history and its usages.

 

